Senior Full Stack Engineer

MWDN company is looking for a self-motivated and goal-oriented Senior Full Stack Engineer, who would like to join a team working on brand-new startup projects for foreign customers.

We Offer:

    People-oriented management without bureaucracy
    The friendly climate inside the company is confirmed by the frequent comeback of previous employees
    Flexible working hours
    Full financial and legal support for private entrepreneurs
    Dedicated HR
    Possibility to choose your workspace either remote or a combination of your home and our development office

Responsibilities:

    Write clean stable code
    Implement new features and support the existing platform
    Communicate with the team
    Deliver tasks in a timely manner
    Investigate new technologies to help drive decisions for future initiatives

Requirements:

    At least 5 years of experience with SQL, Java, JavaScript, and frontend frameworks, HTML, and CSS.
    Strong understanding of the way web applications work, concepts such as AJAX, REST, and single-page apps.
    Ability to jump in and quickly contribute to a dynamic and fast-paced environment.
    At least an upper-intermediate level of English.

We’d love if you also had:

    React, Angular, D3, C3, bootstrap.
    JAX-WS and Jersey, and scalable web app design.
    Familiarity with Amazon Web Services or similar cloud hosting platforms.
    Experience with scripting and Linux.
    ETL experience.
    Contribution to open-source projects.

About the project:

Our client’s team operates within a synergistic, dynamic setting, utilizing a streamlined development infrastructure that promotes rapid iteration and deployment cycles. Their open position provides an unparalleled opportunity to become a vital part of a nimble team and to drive forward the success of an efficacious, performance-oriented SaaS solution.

Our next steps:

✅ Submit a CV in English — ✅ Intro call with a Recruiter — ✅ Client’s HR interview — ✅ Client’s technical interview — ✅ Offer

Who We Are:
Website: more about us and vacancies
Instagram: follow MWDN’s life
Facebook: follow our FB
Feel free to contact us without any hesitation
