Project Manager, implementation of ERP systems (Microsoft Dynamics 365)



Innoware is a leading IT consulting company, Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider specializing in implementation of ERP, CRM and cloud business solutions. Innoware was established in 2001 in Kyiv and has implemented 450+ projects worldwide since then. Find out more about Innoware success stories: innoware.com/success-stories.

Innoware services always remain relevant because Ukraine is a country of wonderful and modern specialists, who are supported by the whole world. And currently we are expanding our project team and inviting a Project Manager with experience in ERP systems implementation. We offer several cooperation options for your choice — part-time freelance starting from 10-15 hours/week or full-time position in Innoware team.

About the project:

You will work in one or more projects of implementation of Microsoft Dynamics 365 ERP systems, which are among the world leaders for companies of various sizes and business areas. Innoware team has been successfully implementing these solutions for Ukrainian and foreign clients for over 22 years. For professional start, we will provide you with training on the Innoware project methodology and relevant systems.

Your goals on this position:

    Ensuring comprehensive, high-quality and successful management of ERP solutions implementation projects for Innoware clients in Ukraine and abroad.
    Managing client expectations.
    Risk management.

Key tasks:

    Communicating with clients and the project team, conducting status meetings.
    Planning project tasks, working with plan-schedules, adjusting it as needed.
    Distributing tasks within the project team.
    Control of tasks, their quality and status at various stages of the project.
    Working with project documentation.
    Managing project parameters — budget, time, scope, etc.
    Work in Microsoft Project Pro.
    Participating in recruiting to the team: initiating and approving new positions, participating in interviews.

Professional qualification:

    5+ years of work experience as a Project Manager in implementation projects of any ERP systems — Microsoft Dynamics 365 or Oracle, SAP, etc.
    Understanding of all stages of ERP systems implementation project — from data collection to Go-Live.
    Experience with Microsoft Project application.
    Knowledge of project management methodologies.
    Fluency in Ukrainian language.
    Knowledge of English language: for part-time — Intermediate (reading); for a full-time position — Upper-Intermediate.

Will be an advantage if you’ve got:

    Experience in implementation of Microsoft Dynamics 365 ERP systems, for example, Finance and Supply Chain Management (F&O/AX) or Business Central (NAV/Navision).
    Project management certification — PMI, IPMA or other.

What kind of person we are looking for:

    Systematic, able to work in a team, with strong communication skills.
    Focused on results and high quality of work.
    Who knows how to motivate, inspire a team for professional interaction and realization of their potential.

For freelance cooperation, starting from 10-15 hours per week, we offer:

    Strengthening your skills through experience with systems and clients that are new to you.
    Various tasks in implementation and upgrade projects.
    Work with the professional Innoware team.
    Mentorship in tasks and activities that are new to you, training on ERP systems and Innoware project methodology.
    Official cooperation based on a contract with Innoware.
    Competitive hourly rate.

For full-time cooperation:

    Dynamic work, various tasks in projects for Ukrainian and foreign clients of different economy fields.
    Conditions for continuous professional development, career growth, advanced training.
    Microsoft international certification.
    Mentorship in tasks and activities that are new to you, training on ERP systems and Innoware project methodology.
    Work in a professional, open, team-oriented atmosphere.
    Remote work with the opportunity to work in our Kyiv office if you need it.
    Paid vacation and sick leave, standardized working hours.
    Competitive remuneration, permanent full-time contract.

Both as a service provider and a partner, Innoware stands for open and honest relationships and mutual trust. We are passionate about professionalism, development and high standards of consulting services that we deliver. And we’re looking for a person that shares our values.

If you’re interested in this opportunity, please apply here with your CV in Ukrainian or English. We will review your CV carefully and will contact you if the information in your CV meets the qualification requirements.

Join us and implement projects together with the experienced Innoware team!
